Searches with "not" in a KeywordIndex do not return records that do not contain a value for the index (2nd) (#159)
zopefoundation/Products.ZCatalog: CHANGES.rst

7.2 (unreleased)
----------------

> - Fix Searches with "not" do not return records that do not contain
>   a value for the index.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix results for "not" queries in UnIndex-based indexes.
   Depending on the query plan, the results previously could be missing records for which the index found no value.
```

>    Depending on the query plan, the results previously could be missing records for which the index found no value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Depending on the query plan, the results previously could be missing records for which the index found no value.
```
